Contribution docs (#18721)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: readme.md

---

# 4. Contributing

There are two places to find information on how to contribute:
- See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) for a brief, high-level overview of the different types of contributions relevant to the project. There are also recommendations regarding coding style and best practices.

> - See the [How To Contribute](https://github.com/OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2/wiki/How-To-Contribute) section of the wiki for a more in-depth explanation of the concrete steps required to contribute (forking, cloning, pull requests, etc.). The wiki contains other documentation contributors may find useful, such a detailed description of data structures used in the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See the [How To Contribute](https://github.com/OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2/wiki/How-To-Contribute) section of the wiki for a more in-depth explanation of the concrete steps required to contribute (forking, cloning, pull requests, etc.). The wiki contains other documentation contributors may find useful, such as detailed description of data structures used in the game.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- See the [How To Contribute](https://github.com/OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2/wiki/How-To-Contribute) section of the wiki for a more in-depth explanation of the concrete steps required to contribute (forking, cloning, pull requests, etc.). The wiki contains other documentation contributors may find useful, such as detailed descriptions of data structures used in the game.
```
